No USER in dockerfile anymore (#43)
mumble-voip/mumble-docker: README.md

### Using a different UID/GID

Additionally, it is possible to specify the UID and the GID of the `mumble` user that is used inside the container. These can be controlled by the
`MUMBLE_UID` and `MUMBLE_GID` entrypoint variables respectively. This is intended to allow you to use the same UID and GID as your user on your host
system, in order to cause minimal issues when accessing mounted volumes.

> By default, the entrypoint will `chown` the `/data` folder to have good rights on the mounted folder. If your system don't allow changing owner from the container itself or if you don't want to entrypoint to modify the rights in any way other by you, you can set the environment variable : `MUMBLE_NO_CHOWN` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the entrypoint will `chown` the `/data` folder to have the necessary permissions in the mounted directory. If your system doesn't allow this from within the container or if you don't want this behavior for other reasons, you can set the environment variable : `MUMBLE_NO_CHOWN` to `true`.
```
